I just watched my timer count down to zero, eventually hit zero and then updated automatically over
to order expired.
So I'd say that the timer is working out pretty well.
Now, the last thing we have to do on this order show page is make sure we have a pay button whenever
a user clicks on pay.
We need to show this little pop up right here where the user will enter in their credit card, expiration
number, all that stuff.
Remember that you and I are not going to be responsible for this form.
Instead, we're going to make use of a library from Stripe that's going to show this form automatically.
It's going to handle the credit card, expiration date, data, all that stuff.
Once a user submits all that, it's going to give back to us a token.
You might remember discussing that token along with Stripe when we were putting together our payment
service.
So after our user submits this thing, we're going to get back a token on the React side of our application,
and we will make a post request off to our payment service.
And the payment service will then be responsible for billing the user's credit card.
Now to actually show this model, we're going to install a library off of AMPM.
So let's go take a look at the documentation for that right away.
At 9 p.m., I'm going to do a search for React strip checkout.
Here's the first result.
And so if you want to, you can definitely take a look at the documentation here.
It is pretty easy and straightforward to use.
All we really have to do is import this library as strip checkout.
We're then going to show it as though it were a react component.
At a very minimum, we have to provide a callback function to the token prop that is going to be invoked
any time a user submits their payment information and this thing gets a token back from the Stripe API.
So we are going to provide this callback right here that's going to receive that token and that's where
you and I are going to make our post request to our payment service.
The other required property is the stripe key, that is the published publishable key which we can get
from our Stripe dashboard.
So if you go back to your Stripe dashboard at Dashboard Stripe, you can find developers on the left
API keys, and that is the publishable key right there that we want.
Those are the two required properties, but there are several other properties that we probably want
as well.
So you can see a big list of all the other properties we can pass in.
The other one that you and I are probably going to want to provide is a mount that's going to make sure
that we get the user's credit card authorization for a very specific amount of money.
We might also want to pass in the email of the user as well.
If we pass in the email, that's just going to make sure that the form kind of pre populates the user's
email as opposed to require them to enter in their email again separately.
All right.
So with this in mind, let's go over to our terminal.
We're going to install react stripe checkout and then make use of it inside of our order show component.
So back at my terminal, I'll change into our client directory.
And then do an NPM install for react stripe checkout.
Okay.
I'm going to let it do its thing.
We'll come back together in the next video and make use of that inside of our order show component.